README.md, before:

# cfstep-linkerd-healthcheck

Prometheus Health Check Query based on Linkerd Success Percentage

Step will:
1. Check that Kubernetes deployment has all replicas available (Deployent Successful)
2. Watch Prometheus metrics from Linkerd for given time confirming Success Rate remains higher than threshold configured.

If either of the above fail the step will fail accordingly

| ENVIRONMENT VARIABLE | DEFAULT | TYPE | REQUIRED | DESCRIPTION |
|----------------------------|----------|---------|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| CLUSTER | null | string | Yes | Kubernetes Context Name |
| DEPLOY_TIMEOUT | null | integer | Yes | Timeout for Deployment Completion |
| DEPLOYMENT | null | string | Yes | Kubernetes Deployment Name |
| KUBE_CONFIG | null | string | Yes | Location of Kube Config file |
| NAMESPACE | null | string | Yes | Kubernetes Namespace of Deployment |
| PROMETHEUS_URL | null | string | Yes | Prometheus URL including protocol and port |
| THRESHOLD | null | integer | Yes | Percentage represented in 1 - .01 (100% - 1%) |
| TOTAL | null | integer | Yes | Total Time to Continue Testing |
| WAIT | null | integer | Yes | Wait between tests |

Example Step Usage:

``` yaml
  CheckDeploymentHealth:
    title: Checking Deployment Health...
    image: dustinvanbuskirk/cfstep-healthcheck:alpha
    environment:
      - CLUSTER=sales-demo@FirstKubernetes
      - DEPLOY_TIMEOUT=120
      - DEPLOYMENT=example-voting-app-vote
      - KUBE_CONFIG=/codefresh/volume/sensitive/.kube/config
      - NAMESPACE=dustinvb-staging
      - PROMETHEUS_URL=http://10.59.254.185:9090
      - THRESHOLD=1
      - TOTAL=90
      - WAIT=15
```

Commit message:

updates for type, finalizing kubernetes and linkerd tests

README.md, after:

# cfstep-linkerd-healthcheck

Prometheus Health Check Query based on Linkerd Success Percentage

Types:
`kubernetes` Check that Kubernetes deployment has all replicas available (Deployment Successful)
`linkerd` Watch Prometheus metrics from Linkerd for given time confirming Success Rate remains higher than threshold configured.

If either of the above fail the step will fail accordingly

| ENVIRONMENT VARIABLE | DEFAULT | TYPE | REQUIRED | DESCRIPTION |
|----------------------------|----------|---------|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| CLUSTER | null | string | No | Required for Kubernetes Type / Kubernetes Context Name |
| DEPLOY_TIMEOUT | null | integer | No | (seconds) Required for Kubernetes Type / Timeout for Deployment Completion |
| DEPLOYMENT | null | string | Yes | Kubernetes Deployment Name |
| KUBE_CONFIG | null | string | Yes | Location of Kube Config file |
| METRIC_TIMEOUT | null | integer | No | (seconds) Required for Linkerd Type / Time to wait for Prometheus to return metrics |
| NAMESPACE | null | string | Yes | Kubernetes Namespace of Deployment |
| PROMETHEUS_URL | null | string | Yes | Prometheus URL including protocol and port |
| THRESHOLD | null | integer | No | Required for Linkerd Type / Percentage represented in 1 - .01 (100% - 1%) |
| TOTAL | null | integer | No | (seconds) Required for Linkerd Type / Total Time to Continue Testing |
| TYPES | null | string | Yes | Type of Tests to Run |
| WAIT | null | integer | Yes | (seconds) Wait between tests |

Example Step Usage:

``` yaml
  CheckDeploymentHealth:
    title: Checking Deployment Health...
    image: dustinvanbuskirk/cfstep-healthcheck:alpha
    environment:
      - CLUSTER=sales-demo@FirstKubernetes
      - DEPLOY_TIMEOUT=120
      - DEPLOYMENT=example-voting-app-vote
      - KUBE_CONFIG=/codefresh/volume/sensitive/.kube/config
      - NAMESPACE=dustinvb-staging
      - PROMETHEUS_URL=http://10.59.254.185:9090
      - THRESHOLD=1
      - TOTAL=90
      - WAIT=15
```
